---
title: "Unveiling the Future of Trusted and Extensible Blockchain Services"
description: "Introducing the initial version release of Airetos"
summary: "Introducing the initial version release of Airetos"
date: 2024-05-17T00:00:00+00:00
lastmod: 2024-05-17T00:00:00+00:00
draft: false
weight: 100
categories: []
tags: []
contributors: [0xnairb]
pinned: false
homepage: false
seo:
  title: "" # custom title (optional)
  description: "" # custom description (recommended)
  canonical: "" # custom canonical URL (optional)
  noindex: false # false (default) or true
---

We are thrilled to announce the initial release of **Airetos** - our groundbreaking application, designed to enable the seamless integration of trusted and extensible services into blockchain transactions. This release marks a significant milestone in our journey towards empowering decentralized applications (dApps) with regulatory compliance, value-added features, and a robust governance framework.

At the core of our application lies the Service Governance Platform (SGP), a comprehensive solution that establishes a decentralized ecosystem for service providers, developers, and users. The SGP comprises three key components: Fee Management, Service Management, and Treasury Management, working in harmony to govern the lifecycle of services within the platform.

Complementing the SGP is a suite of powerful tools and components that enable dApps to seamlessly integrate trusted and extensible services:

- **Custom Bundler**: This smart contract processes bundled transactions, executing auxiliary services (e.g., Know Your Transaction (KYT) and Know Your Customer (KYC)) and determining whether to proceed with the primary transaction based on the results.

- **Airetos JavaScript SDK**: This developer-friendly SDK simplifies the integration of account abstraction and the custom bundler into dApps, providing a streamlined experience for creating and submitting bundled transactions.

By leveraging these components, dApps can seamlessly incorporate services such as KYT and KYC into their transactions, enabling regulatory compliance and value-added features while promoting decentralization, transparency, and accountability.

Key benefits of **Airetos** include:

1. **Extensibility**: The modular design allows for the seamless integration of new services, empowering dApps to evolve and adapt to changing requirements.

2. **Decentralization and User Choice**: Multiple service providers can offer their services, fostering competition and innovation, while users can select their preferred providers and fee tokens.

3. **Transparency and Accountability**: The staking and slashing mechanisms ensure service providers maintain high standards and deliver reliable services.

4. **Developer-friendly**: The Airetos JavaScript SDK simplify the integration process, lowering the barrier to entry for developers.

As we unveil this initial release, we invite service providers, developers, and users to explore our application and join us in shaping the future of trusted and extensible services on blockchain. Stay tuned for upcoming updates, documentation, and developer resources to facilitate the adoption and integration of this innovative solution.

For more information and to get involved, please visit our website at [Airetos](https://airetos.network) or join our community on [Discord server].

Together, we can unlock new possibilities, foster innovation, and drive the adoption of decentralized applications by enabling trusted and extensible services on blockchain.
